README.md, before:

# This is my Portfolio Website
I am currently a newgrad software engineer looking for new opportunities to grow my career!
![Alt text](20230602_233050.jpg)

First attempt at making a website
It serves to be a rough draft of a portfolio website
The program is written in ES6

To run website, go to example-website cd and type:
```node index.js```
This is assuming that you have the node environment already setup.

## Background
- Uses nodejs and Express framework to launch backend.
- CSS is taken from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FazgJVnrVuI

## Goals
- Understand the frontend framework
- Use a library to develop a somewhat robust website
- Understand basic formatting of a website and the components

## TODO
- Configure mobile menu
- Make header & footer resuable components in ES6. (React Framework)
    - Use react framework to modularize code.
- Make test cases.
- Configure environment for usage of Babel
- Add a gallery collection of my memories
- Finish most tabs on website
- Optimize website for different aspect ratios/mobile viewing
- Figure out Babel library

## DONE
-

Commit message:

Overall structure of website added
This includes:
- Projects and About Me tab
- Resume PDF on top right

NEXT GOALS:
Finish up first homepage by adding education and work experience

README.md, after:

# This is my Portfolio Website
I am currently a newgrad software engineer looking for new opportunities to grow my career!
![Alt text](20230602_233050.jpg)

First attempt at making a website
It serves to be a rough draft of a portfolio website
The program is written in html and deployed with github pages

To run website, go to example-website cd and type:
```node index.js```
This is assuming that you have the node environment already setup.

## Background
- Uses nodejs and Express framework to launch backend.
- CSS is taken from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FazgJVnrVuI

## Goals
- Understand the frontend framework
- Use a library to develop a somewhat robust website
- Understand basic formatting of a website and the components

## TODO
- Configure Social links in the footer.
- Figure out how html formating works.
- Add onto CSS
- Finish first page.
    - Add section for my academic experience
    - Add a timeline for my job experience
- Finish Projects Page
    - Add my capstone and other school projects
    - Add my leetcode repo project
- Finish about me section
    - Demonstrate hobbies such as climbing, swimming etc
    - This would be the space to express my interests
- Configure mobile menu
- Make test cases.
- Add a gallery collection of my memories
- Finish most tabs on website
- Optimize website for different aspect ratios/mobile viewing
- Figure out Babel library

## DONE
- Make header & footer resuable components in ES6. (React Framework)
    - Use react framework to modularize code.
